README.md, before:

# Chainlit Starter App

This project is a starter Chainlit application that demonstrates a simple integration with OpenAI's API. It showcases the following key features:

1. **OpenAI Integration**: The app is connected to OpenAI's API, allowing it to leverage state-of-the-art language models for generating responses.

2. **Streaming Responses**: Instead of waiting for the entire response to be generated, the app streams the AI's response in real-time, providing a more interactive and engaging user experience.

3. **Chat History**: The application maintains a conversation history, enabling context-aware responses and allowing for more coherent and meaningful interactions.

4. **Environment Variable Management**: Sensitive information like API keys are managed securely using environment variables.

5. **LangSmith Integration**: The app includes LangSmith for tracing and monitoring AI interactions, which can be useful for debugging and optimizing your AI application.

As a convenience, on start of a new chat session, a system prompt is added as the first message in the chat history.

## Getting Started

### 1. Create a virtual environment

First, create a virtual environment to isolate the project dependencies:
```bash
python -m venv .venv
```

### 2. Activate the virtual environment:

- On Windows:
  ```bash
  .venv\Scripts\activate
  ```
- On macOS and Linux:
  ```bash
  source .venv/bin/activate
  ```

### 3. Install dependencies

Install the project dependencies from the `requirements.txt` file:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4. Set up environment variables

- Copy the `.env.sample` file to a new file named `.env`
- Fill in the `.env` file with your API keys

## Running the app

To run the app, use the following command:

```bash
chainlit run app.py -w
``` 

## Updating dependencies

If you need to update the project dependencies, follow these steps:

1. Update the `requirements.in` file with the new package or version.

2. Install `pip-tools` if you haven't already:
   ```bash
   pip install pip-tools
   ```

3. Compile the new `requirements.txt` file:
   ```bash
   pip-compile requirements.in
   ```

4. Install the updated dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

This process ensures that all dependencies are properly resolved and pinned to specific versions for reproducibility.

Commit message:

Milestone 1-4 for LLM Agents
- Implementation Agent
- Base Agent Parsing of function_calls
- Prompts

README.md, after:

# React Site Builder

This is a project that builds out a static react site based on an image of the design that you provide to OpenAI. The app leverages LLM Agent capabilities to build out the site. It showcases the following key features:

1. **OpenAI Integration**: The app is connected to OpenAI's API, allowing it to leverage state-of-the-art language models for generating responses.

2. **Streaming Responses**: Instead of waiting for the entire response to be generated, the app streams the AI's response in real-time, providing a more interactive and engaging user experience.

3. **Chat History**: The application maintains a conversation history, enabling context-aware responses and allowing for more coherent and meaningful interactions.

4. **Environment Variable Management**: Sensitive information like API keys are managed securely using environment variables.

5. **LangSmith Integration**: The app includes LangSmith for tracing and monitoring AI interactions, which can be useful for debugging and optimizing your AI application.

As a convenience, on start of a new chat session, a system prompt is added as the first message in the chat history.

## Getting Started

### 1. Create a virtual environment

First, create a virtual environment to isolate the project dependencies:

```bash
python -m venv .venv
```

### 2. Activate the virtual environment:

- On Windows:
  ```bash
  .venv\Scripts\activate
  ```
- On macOS and Linux:
  ```bash
  source .venv/bin/activate
  ```

### 3. Install dependencies

Install the project dependencies from the `requirements.txt` file:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4. Set up environment variables

- Copy the `.env.sample` file to a new file named `.env`
- Fill in the `.env` file with your API keys

## Running the app

To run the app, use the following command:

```bash
chainlit run app.py -w
```

## Updating dependencies

If you need to update the project dependencies, follow these steps:

1. Update the `requirements.in` file with the new package or version.

2. Install `pip-tools` if you haven't already:

   ```bash
   pip install pip-tools
   ```

3. Compile the new `requirements.txt` file:

   ```bash
   pip-compile requirements.in
   ```

4. Install the updated dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

This process ensures that all dependencies are properly resolved and pinned to specific versions for reproducibility.
